As Adobe continues to invest in creating exceptional experience and building a diverse pipeline of talent, we give our student community a space to contribute and learn with us. We call our vision ‘Adobe for All’, and in recognition of the same, we are thrilled to share that Adobe is launching a new DEI program – Inclusive Learning @Adobe – for Persons with Disability university students.

 

Inclusive Learning @Adobe is a DEI program for PwD students uniquely positioned to focus on opportunities specifically for Persons with Disability. We invite PwD students pursuing undergraduate studies in the discipline of Engineering (and graduating in 2025) to hone their technical and soft skills through a series of skill-building workshops and career exploration sessions to help them make future ready for companies like Adobe.

 

We will launch this 45-days long program in June 2023, and would like to know if eligible students from your campus would like to enroll with us. The sessions would be conducted in online mode with weekly sessions in the evenings to ensure there is no conflict with the classes in the day time. Post registration, the students will be required to attempt an online assessment and only shortlisted students will get a chance to be a part of the academy.

 

Details of the program are as follows:

 

Launch

May/ June 2023

Duration

45 days

Mode

Online

Structure

Weekly one session in the evening

Eligibility

Only PwD Engineering students completing their graduation in 2025

Eligible branches

2025 batch B.Tech/ B.E students specializing in CS, IT, EEE, ECE, Software Engineering, Data Science, Cyber Security, Information Security, Maths and Computing, or any other circuit branch with Computer Science as major or minor

Process

Registration -> Online Assessment -> Weekly sessions -> Graduation

Registration form

Registration form link

Last date of registration

Friday, May 12, 2021

 

(Please note that post enrollment, the applicants will have to attempt an online test and only shortlisted students will get a chance to be a part of the academy.)

 

What’s in it for you?

 

Better preparation for Adobe Technical interviews
A confirmed slot in Adobe internship hiring program – A Pre-placement Interview slot! (PPI)
A certificate of successful graduation from Adobe Career Academy
(Attendance in all the sessions will be mandatory to be eligible for PPI, certificate and any other related benefit)

 

Students with any Blood Disorder, Locomotor, Orthopedic disability (who come under the category of PwD mentioned by the RPwD Act, 2016) or any disability that doesn’t interfere with their working on computer system are eligible to apply.

 

If you’d like your students to participate, please share the form link shared above with only PwD students to register themselves.

 

Thanks,

Swati Kalra