dear students
two points;
(1) all are requested / strongly encouraged to attend the live cast session on ABSS tomorrow planned at 10 am H05 , 29th july

(2) all should be aware of the new caterer m/s sakthi in operation for around 8 days now. based on SAC sec and jt sec team, mess sub committee of the sac inputs, the catering manager / team have been requested to adopt a bottom up approach in catering to the menu items. also the sac team / mess comm team is also constantly monitoring the quality and food served.  students may continue to use the existing practice of QR code mechanism for feedback.  please register your inputs in case of any difficulty faced.

(3) Hostel caretakers / staff who dine regularly in the mess MUST MANDATORILY mark their entries / feedback in the respective register and to be submitted in my office once in 2/3  days for initial few weeks. 

(4) also wardens and me would be conducting random checks / taste to ensure the larger objective of safe and healthy food for the students.

students are requested with occasional change in menu which could be due to operational difficulties (time for the caterer to settle down). however those items would be compensated thereafter. All these changes will only be via the SAC team / mess sub committee team led by sub committee, Mess sec and Joint Sec.

I have to place on record my thanks to the entire SAC team and spec Manasa and Naveen  and sub committee for their immense help in the smooth transition. 

as it stands;  interaction with manager is thru SAC and Mess Sub committee team from students side and from hostel office, myself, Wardens and staff shal monitor. request others to desist from passing random inputs to the catering personnel and end up spiking the situation. to end on a lighter tone " 2 many cooks spoil the food!
as always my trust on the SAC and its sub teams is immense and im sure they will will be at it to continue the good work put in by their respective senior batches.

in addition to existing complaint mechanisms, as students feel free to drop emails to me or wardens in case of any major concerns... but a bottom up approach will cut short the propagation time... wish you all the very best in the semester ahead...

regards
sivaselvan